All teams are looking forward to the chaos of the productionI agree with Peko chan we need sexy swimsuits for holomembers I have a feeling that Team B will be pretty strong, but I can't help but cheer for Team C.  Go Aki-chan!!Im About To Bust!Why in the world was Luna picked Last???? A Princess should get to pick her own, and first not be given the last one left. Poor Hime 😭 she's been on a Mario training arc and everythingThanks for the stream Peko-chan. Looking forward to this tournament. I'm sure it will be fun for everyone  Thank for the fun stream, Pekora-chan!Thank you for the raffle stream peko!!!! high chance of new swimsuit o . O? looking forward to it peko.On Twitter, Ina and Bae are begging Towa to hard carry them. 😆Mario Hololive competition??? Editing timestamps   endingTeam F. Lol! Ganbatte!The draw has given interesting results, I already want to see how the tournament will unfold, good luck Holomen  Thank you for the stream peko chanThe teams have good combinations, and all of them look like they will be fun to watch. I’m glad you will be the commentator too, I enjoyed you doing that with the Tetris tournament. You did really good at the practice stage, I’m sure with a little more time you would have finished that last level! I hope the pollen decreases and it gets cooler there for you Peko-chan. I also hope your muscles don’t continue getting so stiff from working. I know I said it before, but I’m really proud of you for trying so hard with the GBF guild war, not just with the farming/battles but socializing too. It’s good you are getting interested in working out. If you ever have fitness/nutrition questions I’m always willing to help you. I’m very passionate about working out and have studied it for a long time, so maybe I can help   All teams are looking forward to the chaos of the productionI agree with Peko chan we need sexy swimsuits for holomembers I have a feeling that Team B will be pretty strong, but I can't help but cheer for Team C.  Go Aki-chan!!Im About To Bust!Why in the world was Luna picked Last???? A Princess should get to pick her own, and first not be given the last one left. Poor Hime 😭 she's been on a Mario training arc and everythingThanks for the stream Peko-chan. Looking forward to this tournament. I'm sure it will be fun for everyone  Thank for the fun stream, Pekora-chan!Thank you for the raffle stream peko!!!! high chance of new swimsuit o . O? looking forward to it peko.On Twitter, Ina and Bae are begging Towa to hard carry them. 😆Mario Hololive competition??? Editing timestamps   endingTeam F. Lol! Ganbatte!The draw has given interesting results, I already want to see how the tournament will unfold, good luck Holomen  Thank you for the stream peko chanThe teams have good combinations, and all of them look like they will be fun to watch. I’m glad you will be the commentator too, I enjoyed you doing that with the Tetris tournament. You did really good at the practice stage, I’m sure with a little more time you would have finished that last level! I hope the pollen decreases and it gets cooler there for you Peko-chan. I also hope your muscles don’t continue getting so stiff from working. I know I said it before, but I’m really proud of you for trying so hard with the GBF guild war, not just with the farming/battles but socializing too. It’s good you are getting interested in working out. If you ever have fitness/nutrition questions I’m always willing to help you. I’m very passionate about working out and have studied it for a long time, so maybe I can help   This was very fun! Thank you HoloX, Pekora, and the rest of the Holomems who participated for making a fun and entertaining stream!🎉Nice escaping at the last try peko!!!!Otsupeko! Thanks for the fun delivery and stream!Otsupeko~ Congrats on the win! I'm glad pekochan and the others had fun! I want to see it again next time too   Thank you for the fun Minecraft stream, Peko chan!   ぺーこwペーこwwwwwwwwThat was a fun event. Hololive Micra events are getting better with these custom maps so hope we can see more. Congrats on the win Peko-chan and thank you for the stream. Otsupeko~  Thank you for the fun Minecraft HoloX event stream, Pekora-chan!Editing timestamps    endingAdding timestampsCongratulations to HoloX for their success at hosting this event, it was the best way to kickstart the golden week for sure ^^ It was the most hectic game of tag I've ever seen and I loved every second of it, if this could become a yearly tradition somehow it'd make me a very happy bunny for sure. Thank you for streaming today girls, it was an amazing collab.OtsuPeko~~ Thank you for the stream! Congratulations for the win in Round 3it was a lot of fun, thank you all peko  otsupeko thank you for the stream, congrats on winning the 1million yen loIt was a fun time! Thank you miss pekora!  This event was so fun w Congratulations for that victory! Your strategies helped a lot to get the victory.  The rule adjustment was good, it balanced the game even more and that made it more fun. See you tomorrow for more Peko Adventures! ゆっくり休んでね〜 おやすみ！Thank for minecraft stream, Pekora!   This was a game of quick thinking and cleverness; skills that you displayed well. Like when you jumped and hid on top of that castle, luring away the zombies from everybody else. Nice job looping the cop when they tried to climb up there. I loved the idea of you then hiding by a fence. Because if a cop showed up you could high jump the fence, but they could not lol. Ah, and I think it was so cute how you went off to a corner away from everybody else. Your shyness is really cute Peko-chan  This was very fun! Thank you HoloX, Pekora, and the rest of the Holomems who participated for making a fun and entertaining stream!🎉
Nice escaping at the last try peko!!!!
Otsupeko! Thanks for the fun delivery and stream!
Otsupeko~ Congrats on the win! I'm glad pekochan and the others had fun! I want to see it again next time too  
 
Thank you for the fun Minecraft stream, Peko chan! 
 
 
ぺーこwペーこwwwwwwww
That was a fun event. Hololive Micra events are getting better with these custom maps so hope we can see more. Congrats on the win Peko-chan and thank you for the stream. Otsupeko~  
Thank you for the fun Minecraft HoloX event stream, Pekora-chan!
Editing timestamps    ending
Adding timestamps
Congratulations to HoloX for their success at hosting this event, it was the best way to kickstart the golden week for sure ^^ It was the most hectic game of tag I've ever seen and I loved every second of it, if this could become a yearly tradition somehow it'd make me a very happy bunny for sure. Thank you for streaming today girls, it was an amazing collab.
OtsuPeko~~ Thank you for the stream! Congratulations for the win in Round 3
it was a lot of fun, thank you all peko  
otsupeko thank you for the stream, congrats on winning the 1million yen lo
It was a fun time! Thank you miss pekora!  
This event was so fun w Congratulations for that victory! Your strategies helped a lot to get the victory.  The rule adjustment was good, it balanced the game even more and that made it more fun. See you tomorrow for more Peko Adventures! ゆっくり休んでね〜 おやすみ！
Thank for minecraft stream, Pekora!  
 
This was a game of quick thinking and cleverness; skills that you displayed well. Like when you jumped and hid on top of that castle, luring away the zombies from everybody else. Nice job looping the cop when they tried to climb up there. I loved the idea of you then hiding by a fence. Because if a cop showed up you could high jump the fence, but they could not lol. Ah, and I think it was so cute how you went off to a corner away from everybody else. Your shyness is really cute Peko-chan  
